Introduce the Sway reference, a more technical Sway source of documentation. (#2562)
FuelLabs/sway: sway-book/src/documentation/language/variables/const.md

> # const

Reviewer: We should probably call this section "Constants".

> A `const` is similar to an [immutable let](./let.md#immutable) however there are a few differences.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Constants are similar to [immutable let](./let.md#immutable) variables. However there are a few differences:
```

> - The constant is evaluated at compile-time

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Constants are always evaluated at compile-time
```

> - A constant can be declared in any scope i.e. inside of a [function](../functions/index.md) and outside

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Constants can be declared both inside of a [function](../functions/index.md) and at global scope.
```

> - The `mut` keyword cannot be used

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `mut` keyword cannot be used with constants.
```

## Declaration

> To define a constant the `const` keyword is used followed by a name and an assignment of a value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To define a constant, the `const` keyword is used followed by a name and an assignment of a value. Providing the type of a `const` is optional.
```

Author: What's the purpose of mentioning the `optional` constant?

> ```sway

Reviewer 2: This example should probably use `FOO` and state that constants are usually defined in all upper case.

Author: I've updated the casing however the latter part is left for the style guide.

{{#include ../../../code/language/variables/src/lib.sw:constants}}
```

> The example above hardcodes the value of `5` however function calls may also be used alongside [built-in types](../built-ins/index.md).

Author: That is correct. You may use a function with a return value to assign that returned value to the constant. I am under the impression that this will only work if the value can be figured out at compile time i.e. static dispatch.
